Generic test in ci cd (#309)
FAIRmat-NFDI/pynxtools: docs/how-tos/using-pynxtools-test-framework.md

> # Generalized Test Functionality for `pynxtools` plugin
> The `pynxtools` sub-package `testing` is to be utilized to write automated test for `pynxtools` reader plugins without having any deeper knowledge of the `pynxtools` internal architecture. The tool mainly supports generalised test for all the reader plugins disregarding the technical details of raw file and internal design of the plugin (It is assumed that the plugin has followed the [plugin template](https://github.com/FAIRmat-NFDI/pynxtools-plugin-template)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Generalized Test Functionality for `pynxtools` plugins
```suggestion
The `pynxtools` sub-package `testing` is to be utilized to write automated tests for `pynxtools` reader plugins without requiring in-depth knowledge of the `pynxtools` internal architecture. The tool supports generalised a general test for all reader plugins, irrespective of the technical details of the raw data files and the internal design of the plugin (note: it is assumed that the plugin was built from the [plugin template](https://github.com/FAIRmat-NFDI/pynxtools-plugin-template) or has the same structure internally).
```
```

Author: Noted!

> The pynxtools sub-package testing is to be utilized to write automated tests for pynxtools reader plugins without requiring in-depth knowledge of the pynxtools internal architecture. The tool supports generalised a general test for all reader plugins, irrespective of the technical details of the raw data files and the internal design of the plugin (note: it is assumed that the plugin was built from the [plugin template](https://github.com/FAIRmat-NFDI/pynxtools-plugin-template) or has the same structure internally).

Reviewer: Why did you remove the quotes here? I would go with 
"The `pynxtools` sub-package `testing` is to be utilized to write automated test for `pynxtools`..."

Author: Noted!

> ## Why it is needed
> To test plugin integration with the `pynxtools` core system we need to
> 1. Test the plugin's integration with `pynxtools` from the plugin's ci/cd.
> 2. Test from pynxtools as pynxtools's ci/cd if plugin has been integrated with `pynxtools` properly.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Why it is needed
To test integration of a plugin with the `pynxtools` core system, we need to
1. Test the plugin's integration with `pynxtools` from the plugin's CI/CD.
2. Test in the pynxtools's CI/CD if the plugin has been integrated with `pynxtools` properly.
```

Author: Noted!

> ## How to write integration-test for the reader plugin with `pynxtools.testing`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How to write an integration test for a reader plugin with `pynxtools.testing`
```

Author: Noted!

> It is very simple to write a test to verify the plugin integration with `pynxtools` from plugin tests directory. The developer can write the test where they want, only they need to use the provided test interface from `pynxtools`. An example test for `pynxtools-FOO` (a demo plugin name) plugin as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is very simple to write a test to verify the plugin integration with `pynxtools` within the plugin's tests directory. The developer can place the test where they want, but they need to use the provided test interface from `pynxtools`. An example test for `pynxtools-FOO` (a demo plugin) plugin is given below:
```

Author: Noted!

```python
# test_plugin.py

import os

from pynxtools_foo.reader import FOOReader
import pytest
from pynxtools.testing.nexus_conversion import ReaderTest

# e.g. module_dir = /pynxtools-foo/tests
module_dir = os.path.dirname(os.path.abspath(__file__))

@pytest.mark.parametrize(
    "nxdl,reader,files_or_dir",
    [

>         ("NXfoo", FOOReader, f"{module_dir}/../examples/test_data_dir_1"),
>         ("NXfoo", FOOReader, f"{module_dir}/../examples/test_data_dir_2"),
>         ("NXfoo", FOOReader, f"{module_dir}/data/test_data_dir_2"),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        ("NXfoo", FOOReader, f"{module_dir}/../test/data/test_data_dir_1"),
        ("NXfoo", FOOReader, f"{module_dir}/../test/data/test_data_dir_2"),
        ("NXfoo", FOOReader, f"{module_dir}/../test/data/test_data_dir_2"),
```
Test data should be placed within the tests/data folder of each plugin.

Author: Noted!

    ],
)
def test_foo_reader(nxdl, reader, files_or_dir, tmp_path, caplog):
    """Test for the FooReader or foo reader plugin.

    Parameters
    ----------
    nxdl : str

>         Name of the NXDL file e.g. NXfoo from NXfoo.nxdl.xml.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Name of the NXDL application definition that is to be tested by
        this reader plugin (e.g. NXfoo), without the file ending .nxdl.xml.
```

Author: Noted!

>     reader : sts
>         _description_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    reader : foo
        Name of the class of the reader.
```

>     files_or_dir : class
>         Name of the class of the reader.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    files_or_dir : class
        est data directory that contains all the files required for running the test data conversion..
```

Author: Noted!

>     tmp_path : pytest.fixture
>         Pytest fixture parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    tmp_path : pytest.fixture
        Pytest fixture variable, used to clean up the files generated during
        the test.
```

    caplog : pytest.fixture

>         Log capture from pytest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Pytest fixture variable, used to capture the log messages during the test.
```

    """
    # test plugin reader
    test = ReaderTest(nxdl, reader, files_or_dir, tmp_path, caplog)
    test.convert_to_nexus()
    test.check_reproducibility_of_nexus()
```

> Alongside the examples in the `examples`, it is also possible to add other examples inside the test directory of the plugin.

Reviewer: Should here be some descriptive text about `ignore_undocumented`? I suggest:

"It is also possible to pass the boolean `ignore_undocumented` to `test.convert_to_nexus`. If true, any undocumented keys are ignored in the verification and it is simply checked if the required fields are properly set."

> Alongside the examples in the `examples`, it is also possible to add other examples inside the test directory of the plugin. It is also possible to pass the boolean ignore_undocumented to test.convert_to_nexus. If true, any undocumented keys are ignored in the verification and it is simply checked if the required fields are properly set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alongside the examples in the `examples`, it is also possible to add other examples inside the test directory of the plugin. It is also possible to pass the boolean `ignore_undocumented` to `test.convert_to_nexus`. If true, any undocumented keys are ignored in the verification and it is simply checked if the required fields are properly set.
```

Author: Noted!
